how so how are you doing I'm all right
yeah I haven't slept in quite well but
otherwise doing all right what's up with
that especially no so I started I
started paying a little bit more close
attention to my health good for you
I've been logging it because I have a
planet nothing happens unless I write it
down because I've got bad memory
problems so I I write what I've been
eating how much caffeine I'm having how
much have slept that sort of thing and
there's only one day this week were
actually slept I tried to take a nap on
another day I think I lasted an hour and
a half maybe but yeah I don't know why
I'm just I'm just not sleeping hmm what
is it that keeps you from sleeping busy
like you're so busy that you literally
do not sleep yeah
where do you do uh your dad he's good
I'm sorry he's not he's not good
I been I've been just getting on with my
life I mean since that since that since
that cuts that since the in since that
since since Kovac broke out and it's not
been we haven't been able to get carers
out to my mom's a bit a bit more busy
taking care of her as well as you know
running a stream running a YouTube
taking care of rescue animals a lot of
the charities to take on animals right
now are understaffed because of covert
so I I'm getting a lot more people come
to me when they have injured animals so
yeah I've just been busy very very very
very busy and weirdly I feel more okay
than I should be at this point
I feel like now I should be like really
really sleepy but I'm okay
yeah I'm concerned about you any that I
am I used to be worried about this
little thing but I've actually grown
quite used to it I'm kind of a burnout
Queen even before I streamed life used
to get like this every now and again and
weirdly I'd always pull through so I
wouldn't worry too much because I'm
pretty sure I'm gonna be fine yeah so is
it okay for me to be worried about you
if you're even if you're gonna be fine
oh then what's the point seems like a
waste to worry
well because I I'm concerned that so
you're saying you're gonna be fine let's
accept that for a second but what
worries me is that like what you're
shooting for is fine survival right eye
and what I would want for you is more
than survival I guess I guess I'm very a
very very very very very much more
comfortable being busy yeah and tired
then still since for me this is this is
okay okay difficult but it's okay is it
okay if I is there something in
particularly you want to talk about
today by the way I didn't make any plans
I'm quite notorious for that perfect so
yeah I would read to talk about whatever
you and me both
right so then can we talk a little bit
about I'm curious if it would be useful
to talk about like why stillness feels
uncomfortable for you sure yeah
what feels uncomfortable about being
still why you got to be moving all the
time
[Music]
I guess for a lot of reasons I mean I
feel a lot of guilt if I stay still I
feel like I'm wasting time and letting
people down but also it's been my coping
mechanism for difficult so if I am in a
situation where I'm not very comfortable
like emotionally if there's something
that's been going on I just keep busy
because then I can only give enough time
to face it in increments which allows me
to face it without it hitting me too
hard and so I think in part it becomes
the coping mechanism for adversity I
guess sure and that sounds pretty
important because it sounds like maybe
if you let it hit you all at once it
would be overwhelming yeah so
like it's a pretty important coping
mechanism yeah I think it's working out
I mean uh uh uh he's I was I was I don't
I don't know if you know this but I used
to be depressed for thirteen years I
didn't so yeah I had I had I had a
difficult background god I remember yeah
so obviously I think it's kind of
natural to not be happy about that but I
did have really very severe depression
for thirteen years I had a severe social
phobia and anxiety which is
understandable especially when I didn't
have a diagnosis and it was kind of
scary to interact with people because I
never knew how that was gonna go um so
yeah I don't think it was so much a
failing or anything I think it's just
kind of a normal reaction to the
situation I was in and what was the
normal reaction I'm sorry to be
depressed about it yeah but luckily I
got out of that and even though you know
um maybe not living the most
conventional life and pretty happy
I don't feel depressed I don't feel down
I don't wake up feeling kind of bad
about the day I feel quite excited about
what's gonna happen next but sounds
awesome
yeah so like even though it may on the
outside seem very uncomfortable
it's actually really working for me to
just stay busy and keep moving yeah so
that that makes a lot of sense that can
I just tell you what I heard mm-hmm so
it sounds like you were depressed for a
while
you had somewhat of a tough upbringing
you had some social phobias and you kind
of managed to get out of that somehow
and now maybe when you're dealing with
as you put an adversity or there are
some kinds of emotions that you're
experiencing staying busy is like a
really good way of coping with it and
and I'm not hearing that you're really
like suppressing or anything it sounds
like you genuinely find enjoyment in
what you do you're not like necessarily
blocking things out or things like that
it's just like you wake up every day
you're pretty happy about what you do
you care for people and animals that you
love and you make the world a better
place and
it kind of helps you feel fulfilled and
happy yeah yeah so I I mean that makes
sense to me I think the only thing
that's a little bit confusing for me is
that like if you're still then guilts
happens right so it it sounds to me like
I just have trouble reconciling there's
two things in your mind in my mind that
that you know there can be sort of
happiness and fulfillment but it sounds
to me like if you're still and there's
guilt and there's a feeling of letting
people down then maybe there is a little
bit of well I don't know suppression is
the right word because it sounds like
what you do is you you kind of manage it
in your own way over time right that's
the way that you deal with it is you
kind of take chunks and then you kind of
process a little bit and then chunks and
then process a little bit but I but I
can't help but hear so it sounds like
it's a formula that works for you yeah I
mean it can't land me in a lot of
trouble how's that well it means I'm
slow to anger one of the disadvantages
of having Tourette's syndrome is a lot
of people don't know you get sick
emotions so I will get out of context
joy or out of context anger the thing is
when you get a surge of emotion it's
quite natural for your brain to try and
rationalize that so if you get a rage if
you get a surge of rage you're like it's
because of this and it could be
something stupid like I don't know if
there's a scuff on the table your brain
tries to rationalize things it doesn't
really understand so if you have an
incomprehensible wave of motion you try
to contextualise it and the way I've
managed that so that I don't rage out at
people or just be really sad and burst
in tears over nothing is I sit beside my
emotions become detached from them and
watch them as if they're I'm an observer
like a scientist documenting a feeling
so I'm like wow my heart rate has sped
up
I can feel a tingle in my teeth my
fingers have gone cold I can feel my
brain like rushing towards this kind of
thought and that kind of thought and I
sit beside it and listen to it and make
sense of it go is this a tic or is this
a genuine feel and this means that I
have a delay in my anger which means
that when people are inappropriate
towards me
I don't immediately react the way that
they should and I don't necessarily get
to safety
or challenge
the situation in the way that I should
because I question whether or not I
should be mad and I need time to figure
that out and so someone might not figure
out that they've been disrespectful or
that they need to stop the certain
behavior I don't really communicate that
and and this isn't a very delayed sense
quite often which puts me in danger
and has done fairly recently even and so
yeah it does have disadvantages but I
feel like it's a side effect of of of
growing up with Tourette's because a lot
of children especially have difficulties
with like especially tick rage but I've
managed to be a very calm person by
managing my emotions in this way but
yeah it means that because I deal with
my emotions in increments and I make
sense of them especially adversity I end
up I end up I end up taking like weeks
sometimes to figure out how I feel about
things and that delay can definitely be
a disadvantage at times hmm hey your
thoughts seem very well-formed Thanks I
don't know how time has lost all meaning
at this point I'm pretty tired yeah it I
can hear that you've thought about it a
lot or analyzed it a lot or really spent
a lot of time trying to understand
yourself and trying to figure out how to
manage some of your internal environment
ah I think I'm just listening to my
monologue I think I'm just listening I
don't I don't know that I necessarily
put a lot of time into it I mean I
always get this thing where people tell
me it sounds like a rehearsed what I say
on stream or that I've written it down
or foot it through a lot I haven't
usually I'm just formulating that on the
spot I think it's it's not so much that
I'm paying lots and lots of energy into
figuring stuff out it's just I'm
genuinely listening to myself yeah that
that's interesting to hear because it
does sound well-thought-out it sounds
you know so so even even if you're not
consciously thinking about it I think
one of the consequences of observation
is understanding and what I'm hearing
from you is that you underst
yourself quite well and you've noticed
different patterns that you have you've
noticed different strategies you've used
to cope with Tourette's and situations
and the the interesting thing in eating
and I don't know if this is I kind of
don't know exactly what we're talking
about today but let me tell you what I'm
seeing if that's okay so yeah you know
it sounds like you've been Delta a very
unique hand of cards in life and you've
learned certain strategies to manage
those hands of that hand of cards how to
play that handle and you've done a
really good job of playing the hand of
cards that you've been dull and so one
of like as you mentioned like one
example of this is that you've learned
how to just look at your emotions and
not kind of give in to them and the
problem with your strategy though is
that it sounds like sometimes for the
most part it works really well and it's
allowed you to be successful and
functional in this world but that there
are some kind of cracks at the seams
and and I've heard you say some words
that still concern me and so you said
something about you know like burnout is
sort of what you do like so that doesn't
sound like a great strategy to me you
know there's there's the sense of guilt
and letting people down if you set still
if you sit still and then lastly use the
word danger that sometimes the way that
you you distance yourself from emotions
leads you to danger and that's scary
like III don't know I mean because
you're so articulate granted you may not
have thought things out you're maybe
thinking them through as you speak but
that's a powerful word and and I'm just
not quite sure how to understand or how
to think about you know a system that
seems to work so well and allow you to
help so many people but then also tosses
out words from your head like guilt
letting people down being unable to sit
still getting yourself into danger and
burnout
yeah pros and cons yeah
fancy it has a lot of really powerful
upside to me but also a lot of powerful
downsides I mean to give you some scope
of what my life looks like right now I
think if I genuinely described it I
think a lot of chat would assume that
I'm not very happy or that it'd be
difficult to be happy in my
circumstances mmm let's let's hear about
it I'd love to if you're okay with that
okay I I'm worried I'm a little bit
scared this is a tentative situation you
see if I start listing the things that I
find difficult in life there are gonna
be a bunch of people who hear this he
think I'm fishing for pity so I'm always
very nervous about describing my life in
detail because yeah can we talk about
that for a second sure why would you
think that people think you're fishing
for pity
because people I've noticed a reaction
and people in real life and on the
internet that if someone seems
vulnerable people are afraid of being
manipulated it's one of the hardest
things to come up against this one with
Tourette's or any kind of disability on
stream is that people are afraid of
being manipulated and so you know I get
lots of people saying that I'm the next
zillion ope and things like this and I
am what is that that was once a streamer
Q I don't know much about it I wasn't on
Twitch when it happened but as far as I
know there was a streamer who pretended
to have a disability in order to get
donations for years accidentally stood
up on camera even though he was claiming
to have a wheelchair I think that was
the what happened am i right
check there I'm sure there was some
veterans here who know
yeah yeah yeah yeah okay so basically he
forgot his camera was still on and stood
up and yeah it came to like that yet
perhaps he might have been overplaying
his condition although I'm not sure I
mean people don't flat check on twitch
and I do know that some people who need
a wheelchair can stand up but can't
stand up for long periods of time for
example so I don't know whether it was
genuinely that he didn't have a
disability or that people just expected
a disability to present in a specific
way and got outraged when he stood up I
don't know but anyway people quote that
and they're like kind of accusing me of
being fake all the time because yeah
people are scared of being kind and
empathetic and people are scared of
being used and so when when people talk
about their hardships I certainly
noticed a trend of not being met with
kind of empathy but rather suspicion and
so it's very very scary to put your
difficulties let to lay them out on the
table sometimes because do you think a
pity no I think I'm doing all right I
think I'm I'm pretty happy with the fact
that I managed to live the life that I
do and do as much as I do
just by everything I think that's the
point I feel I feel really good about
that would you be okay if you were
deserving a pity
prefer empathy it's a pity I didn't
really I don't really feel like I need
pity but I think that you know if people
want to empathize with my situation I
think that's just natural I empathize
with people who have facing stuff you
know it's normal so how would you
describe the difference between pity and
empathy it's use when you're glad you're
not someone and empathy is when you feel
with someone it's a great way to put it
hmm so you're concerned that you will be
perceived as fishing for pity mm-hmm as
in as in people
but if I openly discuss everything that
people will disbelieve me or think that
I'm trying to manipulate them so can I
offer a reason why I think this is an
important discussion so I think that
people assume that their circumstances
are primarily responsible for their
happiness or unhappiness
make sense did you say that again yeah
so people assume that their
circumstances are responsible for their
happiness or their unhappiness one of
the most mind-boggling things that I've
discovered is that certainly
circumstances influence your happiness
or unhappiness but what are the most
shocking things is that sometimes people
can be in bad circumstances and it can
be happy and sometimes people can be in
good circumstances and be unhappy yes
and generally speaking the internet
loves to get their pitchforks out when
there is someone in good circumstances
who is unhappy and we sort of have this
idea that circumstances and I'm not
saying that they don't influence
happiness there's data that suggests
that certainly a certain amount of like
financial security correlates with
happiness or a sense of security so I'm
not saying that they're completely
independent but I think it could
actually be useful for people to hear
about your circumstances and then also
hear how you're able to be happy in
spite of them because that's an
important lesson to learn
what do you think about that
yeah we could do that okay cool so the
other thing to just think a little bit
about is you know we were talking
earlier about your strategy and how
there are pros and cons and I wonder
whether it's worthwhile like discussing
are there other ways or are there ways
to deal with the cons of your strategy
yeah because can I just speak plainly
for a second mm-hmm so based on our last
conversation like I don't know what you
remember about it but I remembered a
couple of things and I think you
generally speaking don't place yourself
high enough on the priority list of
what's important and that's just
something that I had to take away from
last time and I know that you're an
amazing person and you make the world a
better place it's just there's a part of
me that is that fields and this is a
judgment and I apologize if this offends
you that you should try to make the
world a better place for you from time
to time and that's one of the big cons
of your strategy that actually makes me
sad is because like it bothers me when
someone can't sit still because they
feel guilty and like they're letting
other people down that just bothers me
and I I'm trying I don't know if that's
sympathy or empathy I'm not quite sure
but you know it makes me sad to think
that and this is gonna be an
exaggeration this could be unfair but
I'm gonna say it anyway this is how I
feel it makes me sad to imagine you
being unable to be happy with yourself
unless you're doing something for
someone else
so I leave it up to you as in terms of
which direction we go okay and if you
need me to recap a couple of options I'm
happy to yes so the couple of options
one are the two big options are to hear
a little bit about you know how your
life is hard and then to explore a
little bit about how you can be happy in
spite of difficult circumstances right
so to paint a pitiable picture which is
what you're afraid of but then also like
realize that actually we don't have to
pay to you because you're happy and how
do you find that happiness despite being
in circumstances that other people may
pity because that's huge like if we can
understand that like that's gonna help
tons of people could be the most helpful
thing that we ever discover on stream
which is how to get okay so tell us
about your circumstances okay so I have
an autoimmune disorder okay about six or
seven times a day at least when I do
make the time just the I wake up several
times drowning because everyone else
when they have fluid running down the
back up they're very all day like this
lighter and stuff it goes somewhere but
for me it doesn't and I choke on it and
I kind of wake up with burning lungs and
I am a high risk of pneumonia
aspirational pneumonia and lung scarring
so I'm in pain whenever I try to sleep I
don't get a good night's sleep and I am
constantly vomiting I'm tired
some days I won't be able to eat for a
few days because my body just decides
that it's not gonna let any food in and
I'm just going to be sick every time I
try to get something into my stomach I
tried to get on basic things and I have
a lot of responsibilities but they're
difficult because sometimes my tics get
in the way and I'll throw things on the
floor smash things I'll burn myself
trying to cook I will try to feed the
rabbits and just threw the food
everywhere I'll you know I'll punch
myself in the face I'll and I'll be so
tired and busy and even when I try to
sleep I can't
so sometimes I'll be getting home with
something and I'll just fall asleep out
of nowhere and I wake up next to my
grasshoppers or whatever and this is the
thing like it's really hard and it's
really annoying
I've tried to have housemates because I
choked on my food a lot and if nobody's
here when that happens really badly I
might not be here anymore
but the thing is whenever I get
flatmates it goes bad like people hit on
me a lot I have to harm you as in like I
I'm scared of sounding very vain um I
don't necessarily consider myself
particularly attractive person but
everyone I ever live with ends up
getting weird and like stealing my
underwear or secretly filming me or
trying to coerce me into things and it
happens even if they're female and I've
been trying to figure out what the
problem is and not really getting that
one right so I live on my own now and
yeah it's risky can I jump in with a
what the [ __ ] I know I mean a quick I
know it's annoying but yeah you have no
idea the things the things the things
recently so I had four or five friends
I'd read a second time but what the [ __ ]
it eat it yeah I know but what key do
people just steal your like your
flatmates steal your underwear that's a
routine occurrence for your flatmates
it's happened with multiples that means
yes and friends and is there something
that we just don't understand about your
underwear
[Laughter]
if so then it's something I'd also don't
understand about my underwear this is
like like this is like the bathwater
thing like I just don't understand some
of these things but maybe there's
something that we don't get about what
is happening right now but yeah that's
really bizarre my best guess is
pheromones is all like that's my best
guess that's actually a damn good guess
interesting okay sorry to derail you I
just I could I literally could not
listen to the rest of what you were
saying because my mind had a great big
what the [ __ ] are balancing around in
there so I have friends who tried to
rush to help me you genuinely tried to
support me but it often goes awry one of
my flatmates kept cooking me food and
then it turned to you leaving chocolates
on my bed and then alcohol and then
doing loads of favours for me and then
secretly filming me one day I
transferred some he let me use his
laptop to transfer some files and
accidently deleted them
so immediately went into the recycling
folder and opened the first folder
thicky I'd be the one that was most
recently deleted right no it was a
motivational it was a fotomat motivation
with just the loads of pictures of me
that he taken of various social media
with my ex-boyfriend cropped out of them
and I was ah this might be time to run
but like it got creepy I know you feel
when you open that
you
like it's happened to me a few times
they're like I just feel this gut
sinking um not again and it becomes a
dangerous situation and uh I have this
to contend with whilst trying to run my
life and keep up with everything and
just try to stay well and yeah it just
puts a lot of strain on me when that
happened I stopped coming home for like
a month I just went out and did rescue
work and stayed in my office working and
just got really busy and just avoided
the house because that got really bad at
one point he said that if I ever got a
boyfriend he'd make me homeless so yeah
I kind of feel like I'd end up in these
situations a lot
I keep everyone goes why do you what
kind of people are you hanging out with
and they just blame me but my friends
hang out with these people too and don't
see it coming and always think that
they're nice people and that everything
will be fine
some people say I should hang out with
women but one of the worst cases of this
ever happening to me was a woman and it
was this year so like I I don't know I
don't know what to do about it but
friendships are difficult for me because
so many of them go weird like that and
so I end up on my own and struggling and
lots of people are like why don't you
ask me for help and it's like because
I'm afraid everyone I pulled closer
everyone I spent time with a lot tends
to get strange and so I am coping with
this alone and it can get a bit
overwhelming and very busy
I'll have 30 or 40 things on my list I
can see why you spent so much time with
animals right but yeah I think my mom my
mom is another part of it all like she
has a lot of illnesses going on we
fought for 20 years to get a diagnosis
because she was progressively getting
more ill she would put her hand up to
help me cross the road when I was little
and just walk us out in front of a car
not because she wanted us to come to
harm but because she'd have absences
she'd constantly burn food and nearly
burned the house down she'd flood the
house trying to run herself a bath and
in the end I just ended up taking care
of a lot of stuff when I was really
little because to not do so it was
pretty dangerous
to leave it up to my mom was pretty
dangerous my dad was a bit I don't know
out of it and not really there much and
to be honest I'm kind of glad he went to
hold my hand across the road and another
cross the road story and he still had a
cigarette in my hand and I have a little
bone in my hand because he just
accidentally bite me he was a bit
absent-minded not because there's
anything he wasn't ill or anything
he's just absent-minded so to be honest
I was happier looking after my mom and
yeah that's where I stayed without the
to well after they split and yeah I've
been looking after her it's been pretty
intense the doctors weren't sure what
was wrong with her they suspected
something neurological at one point they
said that she might not have long to
live and that all of the symptoms were
indicating something very serious and
perform and nose took some brain scans
and then just didn't tell her what was
going on for like months and during that
time it was really difficult because we
didn't know how long we were she was
gonna be around she they just she kept
going in they didn't leave her and she
ended up with a tumor so large and
attached to so many organs that removing
it would cause more symptoms than
leaving it now and she had a disease for
so long that it caused brain and organ
damage alongside that that could have
been cured with a bit of medication
within a week of her getting it and
she'd have been fine
he said jammer yeah I think
it's it's I guess humor is a kind of
very dramatic word but what's the thing
what was the thing
fibroids endometriosis there we go I
don't mean to say yeah so it's grown and
grown and grown off her womb and just
connected everything in inside her and
the only way to remove it now would be
to remove several other organs so not
worth that anymore
but the side effects of it being there
are quite bad she yeah she's in a lot of
pain she's barely out of bed it's pretty
serious now and there's nothing we can
do
so yeah those two things and trying to
push for diagnosis her constantly
reporting pain we constantly go into the
hospital with her going to the doctors
with her having some really awful events
I remember when I was little I stood in
the corner of the room while the
paramedics resuscitated her and there
was just nothing I could do and there
was one of the one of the medics was
just looking making me look at him
instead of my mom and just talking to me
and just keeping me talking because he
obviously didn't if it was gonna be her
last moments and want me to watch her
die so yeah it's been a struggle and
scary because the main foundation of my
life the most constant human I have in
my life every day I don't know whether
she's still gonna be here and that's
been the case for so long and it's a
really precarious place to be
because everyone else around me comes
and goes and sometimes because of really
bad things I mean one of my best friends
became a stalker he yeah he he assaulted
me he slept in my back garden he watched
the house he chased me whenever I left
the house some people heard from a shop
had to intervene and hold him down
because he just yeah so basically the
only person I have in my life is someone
I don't know how how long I'll I'll get
to have and it's it's scary and but I I
feel bad as well because I'm so busy
taking care of so many animals and
trying to keep up with everything that
sometimes I'm rushed with her and I'm
like hi okay I'll do all the things bye
and I feel so bad because I wanna you
know I wanna have these conversations I
want to sit with her I want to spend
more time with her I do whenever I can
but whenever it's rushed I feel terrible
because I don't know you know is mom
gonna be okay next week is this gonna be
my last week and what do I get a female
so I get a few more years what what's
gonna happen hmm
so what's that what's it what's that
like most the time I don't think about
it
um and I just take each day so I think
you're very good at yeah I just feel
like worrying about it won't change
whether or not it happens it just mean I
suffered twice so I just focus on being
grateful for the moments I do yet
instead of brought you about the moments
I might not get
yeah it also says I mean that also
sounds like something that you're good
at which is that you don't really let
yourself feel certain things because
there's no utility to them sure but you
might start to think that I I maybe bury
these emotions that maybe that they're
causing a lot of havoc but being
unaddressed because that's usually how
people don't do those emotions is that
they just don't acknowledge that they're
there a lot of people who don't think
they're particularly emotional are
usually emotional wrecks who just can't
see their emotions rather than them not
being there but with me genuinely I just
have this thing where I can just be like
now I'm just invest my energy and my
thoughts into you other ways of feeling
and processing like genuinely I I don't
have like some some like I don't know
how to describe it like unseen sadness
about the situation I really I just feel
lucky that mom is here today sure it
sounds like you're I mean I'm getting a
lot of genuine gratitude from you I'm
kind of curious Anita how would you know
whether they're doing what you're doing
or whether they're the emotional wreck
is just buried deeper how can you tell
the difference
I guess because I have repressed
emotions in the past and I it comes with
a very specific since sensation and feel
okay so if so that's how you know you're
not doing it so you you cuz you're
saying basically I know what suppressed
emotions feel like and I used to do that
I've learned now not to do it and it
sounds to me like you're practicing some
amount of detachment as opposed to
suppression like you acknowledge the
emotion you recognize it's there and
then you sit with it for a little bit
and then you kind of choose to focus on
other things which is not quite like
denial right it's sort of like
acknowledgment but separation as opposed
to like sticking it in the basement and
pretending like it doesn't exist yeah I
mean
yeah so and recent recent recent oh can
you see that behind me can you see my
rabbit just like I saw someone move
yeah I'll be right back he destroys
wives so I have to address that right
away
hello buddy are you
[Music]
thanks for waiting sure I think they
want to see the rabbit but oh I can grab
him if you like he's only in the kitchen
he's in the next room it doesn't mind
yeah again
you
oh wow that's a big rabbit no I'm just
small everyone says that he's actually
quite a small species of rabbit I'm only
5 foot 2 you so everything looks big
like sometimes I'll lift up a
normal-sized Cup and people like where
can I get that giant cup from the rabbit
is a boy rabbit or a girl rabbit he's a
he I actually so I spotted him in a
rescue centre up country and being a
friend traveled all day to go and get
him umm I thought he'd make a really
good husband for my lonely girl because
her partner died and I didn't think that
she should have to live alone so we're
not to get him thinking that you're on
like a house on fire but they don't
really like each other so I'm still I've
been working on it for a year trying to
get them to love one another and it's a
really hard matchmaking process I can
imagine I can imagine that some of your
former roommates feel the same way was
that out of line I'm sorry was that a
dick thing to say no it's I'm so my mind
is still bottled by the pheromones and
people sniff me a lot like in public and
everything [ __ ] yeah they sniff you and
pop mm-hmm
so like it would be like I have a friend
we're not attracted to each other
whatsoever one time we got really really
drunk and we all just fell asleep in a
line adjacent on the sofa watch miss me
emailing like um there'll be situations
where like I'll wake up to someone
asleep humping me like with their
clothes on and I'm just like god damn
pheromones and I'll just get up and move
away like I get all of these sorts of
situations all the time and it's so
annoying
but yeah like people sniff me people
stalk me people get weird and yeah
basically it's it's a whole thing like I
have thousands of stories I just don't
know what to do with it anymore how do
you understand why this happens to you I
don't understand why this happens to me
I don't understand why I just understand
that it does and that you know I've just
grown exasperated with it honestly
so it does sound quite exhausting I'm
curious do you have any other emotions
that come up when you find people have
been stealing your underwear or stocking
you or anything like that
besides exasperation no this point I
just feel tired because I don't want to
presume that it's gonna happen again
it feels vain to presume that every
single person that I ever make friends
with is just gonna fall in love with me
and turn into a menace and so I always
give people the chance and I always give
people the benefit of the doubt and you
know assume that it's gonna be different
this time and I always give this speech
from like I am not attracted to my
friends I am very obvious with my
emotions if I'm attracted to someone I
will let them know I hate people who
come on to me without me giving any
signs so I've had to dump a lot of
friends because of this and you know
it's kind of like this big warning
statement it's kind of like a subtle if
you hit on me I'm gonna run away kind of
situation because I I'm so used to it
now and it doesn't work the statement
doesn't work no hmm I mean it's it's
just like this background noise till the
other trouble I have is that I'd like to
have friendships that don't end in
disaster
I mean I'm one of my friends assaulted
me there was a witness
unfortunately somebody else watched it
happen and he was also a friend and he
did nothing I tried to go to the police
and police did nothing in fact I had to
report him for several other things that
were relatively minor by comparison for
example you know sleeping in my back
garden chasing me around following me
everywhere and constantly trying to DOX
me on stream this sort of thing but then
after they found out my view account and
how many people knew that the police
were failing me
then they took action but he's still
free he's been charged but he's still
free and yeah he still harasses me
online from time to time and I'm pretty
sure he probably will come back to the
house again at some point because he
always does so yeah but he's what do
they see in you I don't know genuinely
don't know it's not like I'm a pretty
average
person in most respects I'm not like
some supermodel that's just irresistible
so I genuinely don't know why this keeps
happening well there's something about
you that clearly is irresistible
like literally like ears like not just
like their I mean like it's it sounds
like people I can't stay away and sort
of it doesn't I mean it's strange right
because these are people that are able
to have normal relationships with some
of your other friends but there's
something different pheromones that that
you know and you're kind of saying that
like your friends are sort of like oh
you know they think that everything's
gonna be okay but they don't really
understand it like it's just a strange
pattern then yeah
do you have any idea I don't I've been
trying to figure it out because I just
want it to stop
I uh you have no idea like I've had
female friends uh I've had female
friends you've done this to meet you um
I've had like I've got like three female
friends who send me drunk messages well
they come on to me and then apologized
the next morning and I'm just like I'd
love to hang out with you but you know I
don't want to another thing that I have
to start reporting to the police or any
more drama and stuff and like I doesn't
matter I tried to watch for the pattern
in life am i spending too much time with
lonely people but they could be really
diverse they can be really outgoing and
have lots of friends and it still
happens they can be really popular and
it's happens they can have lots of
really attractive friends to hit on and
they still hit on me I can set up
boundaries and be really clear and
they'll still do it
I I get blamed as well people are like
what like what are you doing they act
like it's my fault like I go why do you
hang out with strange people and it's
like
Oh Anita I'm gonna say something that
may sound like blaming you but but
please listen carefully I know it sounds
weird but so here's here's what I'm
hearing from you okay and it's weird so
you've looked for patterns a smart thing
to do like is it something about the
play the way I find my roommates am I am
I on the wrong part of Craigslist where
I'm looking
instead of like looking for roommates
I'm like looking for love am i posting
in the wrong area you know and the
interesting thing is that like if we
think about it logically and you know it
seems to be independent of gender it
seems that these people are able to have
normal relationships with other people
it seems to be that it's not like a
particular ethnicity or like you know
and there isn't some kind of
overwhelming physical attractiveness or
something like that then then I mean if
it's not a factor with them which is
interestingly enough that's what you've
been saying right is there's no pattern
in terms of how I'm selecting people
then that sort of suggests that it's
something with you and I'm not trying to
blame you I'm just saying like the the
case that you're making is a really
strong one that it's something with you
right that there is something and it's
interesting because I asked you earlier
like why do people you know steal your
underwear and you were saying like
pheromone it's like that's not a them
factor that's a you factor it's um a
pheromone is sort of like I wonder if so
I wonder if it's actually bear moans
right which would be interesting because
if you can get multiple women unclear
what their sexual preferences or sexual
orientation is but be especially
interesting if they were actually
heterosexual and they drunkenly message
you two of them ah yeah so so so how do
we like that's weird
right like so then I'm not blaming you
but at the same time I'm saying that it
seems like you know the common element
doesn't have anything to do with them it
has something to do with you mm-hmm but
then like I tried changing my approach
there are some people who I've never met
in person - I barely speak to you sure I
think you've tried changing the things
that you're aware of
hmm right so like the question is what
are the things that you do that you're
not aware of and that's a hard question
to answer because how are you supposed
to know if you're not aware of them okay
fair so let me ask you something Anita
do you feel like like I guess a big
sense of stuckness from you I get a
sense that like you're kind of [ __ ]
either way like you know either you
start taking it like you can't stop
working because then you're gonna feel
guilty and letting like you know letting
people down and the emotions will
overwhelm you but you can't keep working
because then you're gonna be burnt out
and you're not gonna be able to sleep
and things like that it's like damned if
you do damned if you don't that's like a
theme that I'm hearing it like even when
it comes to your mom it's like you can
try to spend more time with her you can
try to not spend more time with her like
either one sort of doesn't work that
she's really ill and she needs her
support and she may be gone tomorrow and
I mean it's it's kind of like there's
like nothing you can do and we hear I
hear that as well from from kind of you
know rebates it's like you try to have
friends and then it's like panty
sniffing backyard parties and then or
you're by yourself and then if you're by
yourself it's like you're gonna choke on
food and you're actually like you could
die it's like damned if you do damned if
you don't
like if there's one thing there that I'm
hearing from you it's like I don't see
how you can make a choice because no
choice is good does that make sense yeah
um I've chosen which isn't to live alone
because I feel happier and safer sure I
can imagine I mean I actually I can't
imagine because I've never felt the kind
of danger that you were describing I
actually cannot imagine I could try to
imagine but I can't even put my head in
your in your head what are you feeling
right now
[ __ ] okay yeah yeah what are you feeling
just sat in that down I mean
just certain let down by my friends the
ones that have kind weird like the ones
who'll risk prison to like do stupid
stuff and ruin the friendship the
friends that would idly watch and
pretend it's not happening until it's
too late and you know just uh just how
often this happens and just how tired I
am and just how I just can't make sense
of it and I feel bad even mentioning it
because people don't believe me all they
blame me and I feel like I've tried
everything I feel like people are like
what are you wearing and it's like I
could be wearing a full-on trench coat
in the middle of summer just covering
every inch of skin I possibly can people
still hit on me in the street you'll
still get weird with me and sniff me and
constantly like don't let me cross the
road because they want to get my number
and stuff and they're like you know
don't ignore me [ __ ] and all this stuff
and I just feel like it's so hard to
talk about because nobody believes it
happens nobody believes that this is
going on and I just don't know what to
do about it because I want to have
friends and I want to feel okay and I
want to have people that I can trust and
sometimes I think I found people and I
will known them for years and it will
just happen out of the blue and I'm just
tired
that sounds really exhausting
can I think for a second
do you work with a therapist or mental
health professional by the way you don't
I used to back when I was depressed I
used to but when I stopped feeling
depressed and I felt okay
what do you think about seeing one again
I don't know how they could help me
because I know I make very punishing
lists and I know I keep myself busy
haha I am okay mentally I think that
some some of these things like what
happened with one of my roommates and
what happened wouldn't my friends
recently and things like that
I don't know how I can prevent that from
happening except to just keep trying and
keep trusting people until I find the
right ones unfortunately well so it's
hot that's actually exactly why I think
one may be helpful because I I think
that we're missing some piece of the
puzzle here hmm right because what
you're describing sort of just doesn't
it doesn't compute there's like some
variable to the equation and maybe it's
actually pheromones like maybe there's
something about you that just drives
people insane because that's certainly
what it sounds like now the interesting
thing is that I think the reason to
potentially see a therapist is for you
to get someone get a different pair of
eyes besides your own to look at your
situation and see if yeah I've asked
friends about this people who knew the
people that did this to me and they've
said that sometimes I'm friends with
very lonely people who can be very
desperate you don't often get as much
approval and attention as I'm willing to
give them and that that seems like
intimacy to people who don't have that
level of friendship normally and that
maybe they take it a lot more seriously
than I do but I setup my boundary as I
say if this isn't romantic and they
still pursue it but also I can be very
forgiving so limp I hope someone crosses
a boundary I don't necessarily act like
I'm outraged immediately when I shed and
this means that whilst I'm processing
whether or not I should be angry about
it or act out and you know kind of say
look stay away or anything like that
they've kind of said well she didn't get
upset that's consent sort of thing and
they keep pushing it and pushing it and
so I know that that's a problem but I
also know that a lot of the people that
have done this to me have also been
people with friends who are happy you
have emotional support have connections
and so sometimes it does feel like I
don't know that would be that would make
sense if it was consistently the case
sure so so I think that's another
interesting example of light
kind of like that stuckness right so
you're you have reasons on the pro side
like oh that would explain everything
except dot dot dot so there's there's a
very kind of conflicting theme through a
lot of what you say and it's kind of
like maybe it's this way but except it's
not and the other thing I would say just
very simply is that I don't know that
friends can provide for you the same
degree of support or examination that a
licensed professional can write because
they're gonna be friends and they're not
trained to like see patterns because I
am curious so Anita I'm gonna ask you a
question and and I understand that this
question may come across as offensive um
if it does come across as offensive
please let me know is there any part of
you that's flattered by what they do no
no because I know that a lot of these
guys are so lonely that if anybody else
you know was around that gave them the
same level of attention they probably do
the same thing like I've learnt that
it's not you don't have to be special
for people to be attracted to you that
quite often guys will especially will
just take what they can get and it's not
you don't have to be beautiful or smart
or funny for guys to just be like yeah
I'll sleep with you you'll sleep with me
right please sleep with me right so no
it doesn't feel flowering it feels like
ah it feels like I want to make friends
with people I want to have genuine
connections that last and there are
always lonely dicks just getting in the
way and just like I'd like do you okay
do you feel flattered by anything
that's a weird question yeah I guess
actually comments um compliment
something that I I can take credit for
like I'm not really I'm not really happy
with or don't really care about comments
and my parents I didn't really choose my
genetics I did choose your why Who I am
or my ethics or the way I go about life
or the way that I choose to impact
animals and things like that so I guess
again I I genuinely like ah thank you
and I weirdly I trust compliments from
women more these days because I'm
usually a little bit wary now after
everything I've been through that you
know I don't know off the bat if a guy
is hitting on me and just trying to
butter me up
initially some cautious so usually when
like a woman chooses to you like
compliment something I've chosen about
myself and like wow cool thank you but
if it dudes like I like your ass I'm
just like yeah so I'm really happy to
hear that India because I was a I was
growing a little bit concerned that
maybe you don't let other people
appreciate you
[Music]
I have a friend he's awesome he's never
done anything bad
um he's a physicist and will usually get
a thermos of like a hot drink
we'll go and sit by the beach we'll
watch the sunset we'll look at the stars
and he'll tell me loads of cool facts
about them because he does Astrid and he
is genuinely very complimentary but
he'll compliment actual things about me
and yeah I do the same for him and I
really appreciate him I think I can have
a healthy reciprocal friendships there
just ain't incredibly rare absolutely
and there's a little part of me that's
had friendships like that before for
years that I've turned to right so I'm
still slightly under guard like I'm
scared to you like with friends like
that I have like a few where they have
like partners and stuff I won't touch
them I won't
I won't hug them I won't you know what I
mean that because I'm scared of giving
any signals that will trigger that kind
of behavior from like I get like some
some people who've taken it too far or
gone weird because it happens out of the
blue sometimes spontaneously
and I don't know what causes it and I'm
just scared and there's little things
like that that just really make me
nervous now because I don't want to lose
the friendship and I don't know what it
is yet and I'm just terrified of losing
people to this issue
yeah I I can I can see that you know
there is almost like a traumatic
paranoia there like it's like it's
happened to you so many times that you
become so so careful that you won't even
engage in like normal behaviors like
hugging because you're afraid of what
will happen I mean that sounds really
awful
[Music]
any questions for me so far
I don't know I think what let me just
recenter of like where we're going on
why we're going so urology about some of
my illnesses and challenges I've told
you about some of the difficulties with
friendships and people hitting on me
with your mind female
yeah and how I feel quite isolated and
how I'd like to fit form bonds and have
people in my life
it doesn't always pan out the way I hope
mm-hmm so now you kind of know a lot of
the stuff that troubles me and I find
difficult about my existence yeah things
that I'm trying to make sense of and
trying to maintain some level of
happiness and quality of life through
yeah so can we talk about that part now
sure
how are you happy
I think I like I used to be very
isolated and static and nothing in my
life changed and now every morning I
wake up and there's just a million
possibilities
and I get to have a positive impact on
those around me it feels powerful to be
the one that rewrites a story like with
with with him with Peter he was
abandoned because he's a destroyer and
he's a destroyed a lot of my stuff um
he's quite angry he's a little ball of
hate he looks adorable he's a little
ball of hate and yeah I think I'm so
glad I got to make him happy and give
him treats and that he's gonna have a
great quality of life he's gonna have
all the best pet care he's gonna be okay
now even though the first people to love
him don't anymore
and I get to you know I get to talk to
loads of people online I get messages
from people who are struggling I get
messages from people who've taken stuff
from my stream and my coping mechanisms
we're living a better life now and they
talk through what they've taken from it
and you know I get to I get to change
things for people and I get to make sure
my mom's okay and I get to see a lot of
positivity in the world and I get to be
a part of a lot of positivity in the
world I guess laughs I get to have a few
drinks and like an pikas with my friends
sometimes when I get the time and even
though that's not as often as it used to
be I feel really privileged to have
people in my life and to smile at them
and to just like enjoy these moments and
I kind of feel like if I wait for
everything to be perfect before I can be
happy I'll never be happy and there
there's always gonna be stuff I'm not
happy with there's always gonna be
something to be dissatisfied with we're
not meant to be satisfied and I can keep
on improving my life but that doesn't
mean that I'm blind to all the beauty in
it um and yeah I think to be honest even
suffering suffering is a privilege
because ah I get a short moment of life
I get a short moment to exist and then
I'm gone and for most of the existence
of the universe I haven't been here and
won't be here so for the brief time that
gets seen hear and feel and think and be
I feel really honored to have that even
if not everything about it feels awesome
everything about it is awesome but kia's
experiencing stuff is a privilege and I
remember that every day and I feel
really really really lucky
to exist and I really really feel
passionate about leaving the world a
better place the one I found it and I
get to do that every day I don't know
how long I have but every day at the end
of the day I know I've chipped away at
that goal I guess and I know that I've
I've kind of not just justified being
but really loved the chance to be and
yeah if I die tomorrow I'm really glad
that I did everything I did because I I
devoted a lot of my time and energy and
my power to influence the world to do
things that I'm genuinely proud to have
been a part of and I have a lot of
really great memories um so yeah I feel
good I like life life is awesome even if
in order to enjoy it you have to have
some downside sometimes and maybe I'll
figure out how to make friends with
people who don't want to meet with me
but maybe that's the thing that will
happen I'm still figuring it out I've
tried a lot of approaches so far I'll
chip at it and for the friends that I do
you have the handful that have stayed
and not done anything like that so
grateful for them I'm scared but
grateful and um yeah and like I have
this overall philosophy overall with the
whole existence of the universe you know
being the lens through which the
universe observes itself stuff which I
talk about a lot on stream but there's
also like an underlying I know what I
exist I know the things that make me
glad to exist I know the things that
feel good about having lived that I can
do daily and monthly and yearly
depending on how long they take that
make me grateful and satisfied and I
build like I found stuff that is like ah
like a bucket like I like drops in a
bucket that fill and stay instead of
constantly dripping away so many
beautiful energy yeah well thank you um
I don't I I don't remember anything of
what I just said cuz I'm tired so I
don't know which part was an analogy but
cool um there was a the thing is I used
to I used to find happiness and things
that used to drip away and a lot of
people do that like when you buy stuff
like you buy a thing and you have the
thing and you're like cool and then you
just want to buy another thing it
doesn't really make you happy and it
won't matter like when you die no one's
gonna remember that you had those shoes
no one's gonna remember your opinion
aren't drop like that stuff's going
trip away and it probably drove away day
year you probably won't remember what
shoes you had a couple of years ago so
basically a lot of people reach for
happiness and treat themselves to things
that don't really build and satisfy
they're just kind of like a stopgap and
I found stuff that genuinely sits Joe
not only is there how they how do you
find stuff that genuinely says
how do you know which drop it drops stay
in your bucket and which ones drip away
first
so
I remember when I had at their best we
used to talk about this I used to have a
lot of stuff that I would do but it
wouldn't keep me happy and I'd have to
constantly be running and constantly
doing it over and over again to feel any
semblance of okayness and then I started
doing the things that I felt I couldn't
help but do things that if no one paid
me I'd still be doing if it hurt I'd
still be doing the stuff that I can't
help that do and I started allowing
myself to give time to doing that more
than everything else I used to just run
around looking after my mom and kind of
chasing after my ex and just making sure
he was okay and and attending to
everyone else's needs when I wanted to
go and do volunteering and I wanted to
look after animals and I wanted to go
and I wanted to read books I wanted to
educate myself and this sort of thing
and that's the kind of stuff that stayed
and that I loved but I wasn't allowing
myself to invest in so when I actually
just let my urges free and just did
exactly what I wanted
I gained experiences that I remember for
the rest of my life and connections I
remember for the rest of my life even if
they don't turn out awesomely in the end
like I still feel really lucky about the
friends that I hang out with I have fond
memories of the guy who assaulted me I'm
glad I met him I'm glad he gave me a
chance to laugh and a chance to you
learn and stuff and I'm sad it's over
but I'm not going to define our
friendship by the way that it ended I'm
gonna define it by all the things I was
lucky to experience you see so I guess
it was worth reaching out and risking it
even though I'm really scared of people
these days sorry I didn't mean to start
laughing but it just occurred to me but
maybe that's the pheromones would you
just hear are you talking about this
stalker and how you can appreciate
people and appreciate your friendship
despite the way that it ended that
sounds intoxicating to have someone in
your life who like treats you that way
like I could imagine that people are
drawn to that non-judgmental acceptance
and gratitude and appreciation for life
like a moth drawn to a flame because
that is that's rare
right and either like most people who
get stalked
have difficulty appreciating parts of
the relationship and expressing
gratitude towards the relationship
before people got crazy right
[Music]
I hate how I hate how right you are
because like one thing that is
consistent that my friends say that I
can't really deny is that I'm very
forgiving
like I have this thing where man
so like when people [ __ ] up I'm like
yeah I'll make mistakes to you someday
and if I want to deserve forgiveness
I'll I'm gonna be understanding
empathetic and you're going through this
right now and this was going through
your head and I understand that just
like you to stop and I'm really like
gentle and forgiving I mean he did a lot
of stuff that built up to the assault
that people kind of be like well why
didn't you just cut it off there and I
was like jeez I was okay and you know
people make mistakes and yeah I think
it's the fact that I'm very forgiving
that may be a pretty consistent
component in this because I'm thinking
back to all the people all the extreme
examples there was a girl who literally
seduced and slept with everyone around
me and sent nudes to them and all sorts
because she wanted to get closer to me
like the minute anyone appeared on
stream with me or whatever suddenly she
was their best friend and she'd be
trying to move in with them or whatever
right and yeah it got to the point when
she broke a lot of hearts and really
upset a lot of people and in the end I
was just like wow you've caused a trail
of devastation here lady um and she just
would not stop hitting on me over and
over and over and I said no but I was
forgiving and then she drunk text me and
she'd say this and she'd do that and I'd
be like no but I forgive you it's cool
then she'd be like I'm so sorry it's
okay it's okay I understand you sorry
I'm sure it won't happen again
and then she'd do it again and I'd be
forgiving and then like my friend would
have a broken why are you so forgiving
you don't know
okay yeah
so can we go can I share a couple
thoughts with you yeah some of them I
hope will be helpful to people some of
them may be a little bit concerning if
that's okay
yeah so I see a couple patterns here
that that I think it's worth your walk
your time to explore but let's start
with this so what we were talking about
how you were able to be happy despite
all of this stuff I think that that is
amazing
like that kind of free association
speech rant about how to view the world
is like absolutely beautiful Mita and I
think there's there a couple of
subtleties there and my favorite
subtlety is you always use the verb get
to when you talk about yourself which is
it it's like it's a little subtle it's
like a subtle thing but like you use
that you use the verb get like I get to
dot dot dot I get to dot dot dot I get
to dot dot write like I get to
appreciate this I get to do this I get
to do this I get to do this I get to do
this and so there's there's just a lot
of gratitude like baked in to the way
that you look in the world it the world
which i think is a key thing because
happiness would this says that happiness
is not about like circumstances it's
about mindset it's about detachment it's
about being able to appreciate as
opposed to expect
so expectation leads to suffering and
like a lack of expectation is what leads
to happiness and if we hear your words
it's kind of interesting because I've
never heard someone who expects a lot
say I get to because get to sounds like
a privilege right it sounds like
something extra that you get to do it's
not that like you're entitled to do it
like I don't I'm allowed to sit in this
chair it's my right to sit in this chair
and nowadays we tend to be I'm not
saying that this is negative I'm just
saying it's an
kind of consequence that I never
realized when we think about rights
right rights are about entitlement and
rights are about expectations and I
think rights are a good thing but
there's like a big difference between
being entitled to do something and
getting to do something and getting to
do something is about appreciation and
what I really hear from you is that
despite all of the terrible things in
your life you have genuinely found the
capacity to appreciate the good I think
there's also a lot of like other really
important stuff in there I loved your
analogy about like fine like drops of
happiness that drip away versus drops of
happiness that stay in your bucket and
somewhere along the way that you kind of
started gravitating towards things that
you find fulfilling is opposed to things
that bring you like temporary or
materialistic happiness you you have a
very interesting I mean your language is
just really interesting because you also
use words like allow you allowed
yourself to start to do things that like
you cared about as opposed to doing the
things that you were supposed to do and
and that also is kind of weird because
even the things that you allow yourself
to do or things that are like giving
things which we'll get to in a second
but and I really do think that it's been
fascinating for me to hear and I hope
people can kind of take away with
something I think there's an another
baby conversation that needs to be had
or exploration into like how were you
able to do that right because at some
point you were chasing materialistic
things or you were chasing temporary
happiness and then you said that I
allowed myself to start to invest in
things that like I should do you know
for the betterment of the world and
things like that and so how did you do
that how did you be to prep how are you
depressed for 13 years and like what
turned it around for you now I don't
know if that's a short conversation or a
long conversation if that's something
you can like touch on for a few minutes
I think that would be fantastic but then
I do have a couple of other things that
I'd like to share with you sure if you
want to know how I got out of my
depression I think it was a lot of
things a lot of steps but
if I'd open it as quickly as I could it
would be in the beginnings of my life I
didn't know I deserved respect I excused
the behavior of the people around me by
explaining it away and that was
important to me because I took it list
personally when I understood it it's not
because of me it's because of their
upbringing it's because of their issues
it's because of their this and
understanding psychology and researching
the way that people respond to trauma
helped me to feel less flawed and
deserving of the aggression and
mistreatment but I endured when I was
younger and that helped me until it
started become an excuse to allow abuse
what I didn't then process until much
later was that it's okay to expect
respect I didn't even know what that
looked like I didn't know what it felt
like to be cared about and prioritized
and loved and so I ended up in a
situation of really extreme domestic
violence and I was drinking to cope with
it every day
weirdly I thought I maybe what hap was
an alcoholic or something but then as
soon as I moved out I didn't drink like
I didn't I didn't even notice that I
didn't pick up anything and from there I
still had a lot of ways to go but I was
starting to build a better and more
beautiful an environment where I could
thrive and discover who I was and then I
had a lot of time throughout that whole
situation to sit and listen to myself so
as soon as I had like a tiny little inch
of movement to be free to do what I want
instead of what other people wanted me
to do for them because I'm basically
grown up being a servant in a lot of
ways I didn't know what it was to has
that changed
I don't know yet I am happier but yeah
like I started to notice all of these
things so I started building a better
environment I was offered
antidepressants especially after a
suicide attempt
I didn't survive because I failed I
survived because someone busted the door
down and intervened and so I didn't
exactly feel grateful to live it wasn't
a second thought thing it wasn't a
choice it was a I didn't I didn't
succeed kind of situation and I in that
in that situation I needed to get out I
needed to fix my environment and when
they offered me an expression I was like
I don't feel like this is a problem with
my neuro chemistry I feel like this is a
problem with my surroundings and I'd
like to change those first so I went
running to help with the neurochemical
side of things and I started fixing my
life and getting to safety and when I
did I started to expand into that little
bit of extra freedom and yeah from there
I guess the next part was just thinking
about the philosophical part of it and
why I should want to live I needed to
have a reason so I started thinking
about what mattered to me and what was
beautiful about life and that's where
the kind kind of like universe kind of
theory stuff came from and that helped
me to have like a little bit of a
foundation and a backbone and then the
next part was what will I be glad I did
here from now like if I look back a year
from now in the future future me what
will I be glad I did what will I regret
wasting time on and I started
prioritizing according to the stuff that
would consistently make me satisfied
long term and when I started imagining a
life in the future where I was happy it
had animals had stability safety and all
these sorts of things so just by being
like picturing myself happy
I knew the direction I had to go in and
I built all these things I'm safe now
and I'm happy and I have animals and I
have computer games breakfast and I have
I have all of the things that allow me
to thrive and have choices and another
thing I think the final thing is to stop
trying to manipulate the world to be
what I want it to be I don't have
awesome plans anymore I go with the flow
I take what the universe hands me
I take what Kaos throws up my feet and I
build the best of it there are people
who get handed [ __ ] in life and they cry
because they've got [ __ ] on their hands
and there are people who make it into
bricks and build [ __ ] houses and I
want to be the second kind I want to be
the kind of person who could be handed
anything and see it as an opportunity
since then I've been incredibly happy
and surprised by all the ve that's come
my way okay beautiful anything so can I
highlight a couple things that I heard
there No get out yeah go for it so the
first is that like I think it starts
with listening to yourself right so I
think that this is something that people
need to understand is that we're taught
and this kind of goes back to the idea
that people with privilege can't suffer
in that people who are in in black
privilege can't be happy and and I think
that the the interesting thing is that
like a lot of times when I work with
people they assume that a particular
thing is going to bring them happiness
and the interesting thing is that since
they don't have it like like a good
example is like let's say there's a guy
who's never had so I used to be this way
where like I had never really had a
serious and loving relationship and I
thought what I needed to be happy was a
serious and loving relationship and the
interesting thing though is that that's
not something that comes from me that's
something that comes from watching other
people so it's not actually listening to
myself it's making assumptions about
what the road to happiness looks like
based on what I see outside of myself
because if you think that a million
being a millionaire is gonna make you
happy and you aren't a millionaire then
like you're not basing that on yourself
you're basing it on the outside world
yeah and I and we'll go get two I mean I
do think a loving relationship goes a
long way and we'll get to that in a
second but the first thing is that you
know I was listening to your story and
it sort of started with listening to
yourself
it started with getting a little bit of
space and listening to that voice inside
you and following that direction even in
the smallest way and then you got a
little bit more space you listened to it
more and so on and so forth I think you
also mentioned something like so about
the power of environment and the people
around you
I think so many people do not understand
how much of the way they feel has so
much to do with things that are given
around them like if you live in a toxic
home with abusive parents and you think
that there's no way that you're gonna be
better and the we get this a lot that
dr. K is the only one that can save you
you would be surprised how little dr. K
matters compared to like getting the
[ __ ] out of like your current living
situation with abusive people it can be
like night and day there are so many
things about the environment the soil
that you you put yourself in and like
the air that you put yourself in in the
sunlight that you put yourself in and
the water that you put yourself in that
will allow you to grow into a different
person
yeah and so I think that that you were
able to really make a couple of serious
steps forward that were sort of like
meant like in a sense mental health
related it sounds like you were in a
dangerous and traumatic relationship
which you've got the [ __ ] out of it also
sounds like you saw a trauma therapist
who helped you kind of work through
these things which is awesome and then
somewhere along the way you started to
like channel this like universe but
Eastern Western whatever like this sort
of truth about take what is given to you
start to appreciate life and all this
[ __ ] that everyone wants to learn how to
do but no one knows how do you learn how
to do that and I think the really
grateful thing I'm grateful to you Anita
because you've given us like the story
of like how that happens and I think
there were a couple of key things about
basically listening to yourself changing
a couple circumstances really like
thinking about the way that you see the
world there's a lot of self-reflection
and growth as opposed to a playbook that
you follow and I think unfortunately
that's what I've found is that like
everyone has to walk this journey on
their own there's no no one can give
these answers to you you have to figure
them out yourself but we can sort of get
a guide book as to how to figure them
out yourself which starts with things
like listening to yourself okay thoughts
questions can I move on to part two can
I just take it no I I feel like I need
to say this out loud because I
remember things better when I see them
but so this conversation is kind of
making me feel like I'm being a bit
greedy I feel like we've touched on them
that I'm a bit too busy I think in
aspect but I haven't really acknowledged
about it is that I don't have enough
time to be all the things I want to be
and I just I'm not allowing myself to
settle for a few and do them well I'm
trying to do everything oh yeah yeah
that's part two so we're gonna we're
gonna talk about that right now so Anita
I think you're an amazing person and I
still think there are some things about
you that my hope is that you can get to
a place of even more peace like I think
you've attained a lot of happiness
despite your circumstances and even some
of your internal conflicts and my hope
is that some of those internal conflicts
can even become a little bit easier on
you and let me share with you what I
mean so like the first thing is like you
just said it right despite all of this
you feel greedy sometimes you feel
guilty sometimes you put yourself in
danger sometimes you you feel burnt out
um and I think there are like reasons
for that like I think there are things
that you can still look at in your life
in ways that you can reflect and grow
and and maybe therapy is a part of this
maybe not where you don't have to be as
burdened as you are but I think that's
gonna be tough and I'm gonna just start
talking so I think you've got to be
careful about I want to be the kind of
person that dot dot dot so underneath a
lot of this I think that there's a lot
of genuine growth and appreciation but
there's also like I'm getting some
undertones and this may be wrong okay
about like you really force yourself
into a particular kind of view of like
what's acceptable for you like I want to
be the kind of person because if I ask
myself like who the [ __ ] is so forgiving
like and and I wonder if if somewhere in
there is that like you want to be the
kind of person who can be forgiving and
so you become the kind of person who's
forgiving even though maybe you
shouldn't be so
forgiving but it's almost like you hold
a standard for yourself that's so high
that you don't allow yourself to like
hold negative qualities what do you
think about that
can I just think for a second
it feels like with the forgiving thing
in particular it's not so much a
standard that I'm trying to
cookie-cutter fit into you I'm not
contorting myself out of my own rage I
think it comes from a position of
empathy I kind of feel like I was late
to the social scene I was socially
awkward and dumb luckily I didn't have
social media at the time so no one can
hold some like ancient tweets against me
or whatever but I was not I was clueless
and I needed to be forgiven to have the
chance to grow and learn to be fun to
hang around I needed the chance to be
able to see what a good friend is and
receive friendship and connection before
I could be a good friend and and connect
and so I really relate to people who are
messing up I really relate to people
here come to me and they bungle our
interactions in some way or are only
appropriate or cross boundaries or don't
know that something isn't right because
to me it doesn't feel like an offense or
an attack initially I don't feel scared
or I don't feel you know the feelings
but I should feel what I feel is that
this person needs help I don't feel it
I'll know I'm in danger I should call
the police
okay so so let's sorry can I interrupt
for a second why don't you feel the
feelings that you should feel
I I don't know I don't know why I'm
you've made me very a rather i I think
what causes these extreme situations is
that I keep giving people chances after
they show that maybe I should let them
go I think I think it's like I keep
giving people the benefit of the doubt
when I went deep down I know what's
happening like I keep yes I think though
the hard thing here Anita is that in a
bizarre way I think maybe your goodness
needs to change so now I'm gonna I'm
gonna build on this hypothesis a little
bit ok
and I'm not telling you that you
shouldn't be a good person but I think
that you are a good person at the
detriment to yourself and and that's
something that as someone who also feels
empathy and caring and as someone who
cares about a lot of people when I see
you I see you cannibalizing yourself for
the sake of other people and that hurts
me to see but I don't know that that
causes dissonance in me I I don't I
don't think it does cause dissonance
within you and that's actually what
bothers
I know it's weird hear me out okay so so
the first thing is that like I just
could be wrong here okay I just couldn't
be wrong
I just don't this is something that any
that there's one thing you've
demonstrated to me and that's an amazing
capacity for self-reflection exploration
and growth and so I am going to trust
you to know all I'm gonna give you is
something to think about and if you
explore it and then you are conclude
that what I'm saying is like not really
applicable fine I think there's a decent
chance of that but let me just tell you
like a couple of other patterns okay
so the first is is is that there is this
pattern of like stuckness of sort of
like okay like I'm a good person I help
lots of people you take care of your mom
you take care of bunnies you take care
of those people who used to be loved and
they're loved to no longer noble spirit
beautiful amazing right and then on the
flip side of that there's also some
amount of guilt or feeling like you're
letting people down if you sit still
there's a sense of burnout you're kind
of like a fixer you're like the person
who never gives up on other people what
are you feeling right now feeling okay
yeah what do you feel him just squeeze
just good yep I had a feeling this was
going to happen so I tried to apologize
that ahead of time so stick with me if
you can if it becomes uncomfortable let
me know okay and I'm absolutely gonna
squeeze you so I'm gonna keep squeezing
and you got to let me know if I'm being
a dick okay okay one second Bunny's
getting too hot oh my god I'm just gonna
put him away great sometimes we got to
hit the pause bot
I need are you okay if I keeps you okay
if I you okay if I keep squeezing or
should we stop it's fine it's okay
you'll let me know if it's not okay yes
okay so you know it's interesting
because I I mean I see that like you
know you're clearly a good person and
yet you have some of these negative
feelings which it sounds like you kind
of manage by chunking them up and
dealing with them a piece at a time
which sounds like a really good strategy
there are a couple of other things that
so if we look at a lot of the different
things that you do there's like sort of
a good side and a bad side right like
taking care of your mom has a good side
and it has a bad side
generally speaking the good side is for
other people the bad side is for you
that tends to be how your relationships
work right so if we look at like the
stalkers like they benefit from your
your saintly forgiveness and that comes
at the cost of you sometimes being like
in situations that are dangerous and you
you are just you're such a good person
and sometimes it honestly it scares me
how good of a person you are because
anyway so so I I don't know where that
relentless positivity comes from I think
a lot of it is is very very genuine and
comes from because I I hear absolutely
like the result of genuine reflection
and appreciation for what life has given
you and it's it's beautiful to watch and
I also wonder like I don't know if this
is just me being cynical but I also
wonder if there's some amount of
yourself that won't let you be less than
what you are because it sounds like when
you stay still for a minute
feelings negative emotions start to come
up and then like you don't want to let
yourself feel that way and then we get
to a couple of other like just
interesting things okay so there are ups
and downs to most things in your life
it kind of goes back to this idea of
being stuck where like you know you
can't eat or like you can't you need to
have flatmates because like sometimes
physically like it sounds like for a
safety issue like you need to have
people around in case you choke and at
the same time you're kind of damned if
you do and damned if you don't because
whatever you do have
flatmates they start you know burbling
your underwear and and the pheromones
and things like that so it's kind of
like damned if you do and damned if you
don't so the two other things that I'd
really think about is like that's a
pattern that I see in so many parts of
your life there's one part that I don't
see this pattern which is in the
Bergling of the underwear and the
obsessional worshipfulness of anita and
so the the the the cynical part of me
wonders like what what's the positive of
that side of the relationship right cuz
everything else in your life has like a
good part in a bad part and the people
obsessing over you seems to be all bad
but generally speaking I don't think
that patterns like like you said like
the patterns that you have have pros and
cons right they're the adaptations that
you've formed and it is very possible
that there is something like purely
physiologic about you your pheromones
that does this but there's a part of me
that says that we would be like it would
be remiss if we did not consider what
are you getting out of this like where's
the positive here or is this just the
one dimension of your life where there's
just negative because I generally
speaking I think patterns persist
because they do something for us and
even the most bizarre negative patterns
still do something for us and a good
example of this is like abusive
relationships because like people ask
that you know why do people stay in
abusive relationships and I'm sure you
have some thoughts about that but
sometimes it's like like when I remember
talking to a couple of people who had
trauma and what they shared was that
like
the idea that they would rather be with
someone who they know is abusive then
sort of take the chance with someone who
isn't abusive and then one day may
become abusive yeah yeah I mean I think
it's different for different people but
I mean it's really bizarre things and
earlier on Street we were talking to
someone who was embroiled with some of
this sexual harassment stuff and it was
bizarre to discover that part of the
reason that she did not speak was not
out of fear or power dynamics but was
actually out of love which is like
strange like that's not why we think
women remain silent when it comes to
sexual harassment and assault and and my
point is that like it's just it's it's
too persistent of a pattern I think
there's some order to it and could it be
physiologic absolutely could it be that
like you evoke something so here's
another hypothesis for example that you
evoke something very very like
primordial and almost like carnal in
people that there's something about the
person that you are and kind of the
light that you give off and the
gratitude that you bring in the
forgiveness that you bring that just
like some people's like brain just can't
handle it and they start to get confused
about the relationship with you I think
there could be a bunch of hypotheses but
the the real the real question that I
think could offer growth if it happens
to be true is like what are you getting
out of it and and in a bizarre way and
maybe I'm projecting here because I have
felt this way before that like
the more the harder the worse people
treat me the greater I become if I
forgive them in bizarrely that ended up
being about my ego not about me being a
good person but about convincing myself
that I'm a good person
and this you are making me step back and
observe how how I feel when I interact
with these people that kept pushing my
boundaries as I allowed them to do so
and kept forgiving them and I don't
think I felt like a better person I felt
an encroaching sense of unease and skip
like fear like not fear of being harmed
but fear of losing them like I felt like
every every step was like ah don't do
that okay cuz I'm gonna have to not
friends with you one day so I'm gonna
forgive you and I understand why this
happened but you have to stop now and
I'd be so gentle because every step of
the way as they step closer and closer
and I keep stepping back and back I I
feel scared of losing them I feel like I
really enjoy playing tap you go into
this person I really enjoy having
friends and building connections I'm so
proud of myself being able to actually
connect with people because it was so
hard for me before and I really want
this to continue and I don't want this
to be what it's the coming and I don't
want to acknowledge that it's becoming
the same pattern I don't want I don't
want this to go this way
I'm gonna keep giving you chances to
take it in another direction please and
I don't feel good about it I feel weak I
feel degraded because I am surrendering
my self-respect I I know deep down that
I should be able to just say I don't
like this you know don't do this to me
but I feel like I would rather feel
humiliated I fight I'd rather feel like
a soft touch and feel like oh I'm being
really weak here then keep losing people
and keep feeling like I can't connect I
keep feeling so alone I just fear I
think I fear I fear the loss more than I
fear the situations I end up in I fear I
feel losing these people more than I
fear the assault yeah so that makes a
lot of sense and and then the other
interesting thing there
Anita is it's not just the fear of
losing people it's the fear I mean once
again a hypothesis right so I trust to
you so I encourage you to think about
this it's it may not just be the fear of
losing people it may be the fear of
becoming the person who loses people
does that make sense I think I need you
to expand on that so you used to be
someone who couldn't form relationships
with people right and now you've become
someone who forms relationships with
people and so sometimes it's not about
the loss of an individual relationship
it's about rewinding and going back to
square one and being banked to the
person you used to be who can't form
relationships with people I wonder if
that's really what you're afraid of it's
not the loss of a particular
relationship it's about like the like is
like I just I'm getting this vibe from
you that this is about you is a person
it's not about them it's about you and
and anyway so you guys just you just got
to think I mean think through it and I
think you'll know and I trust whatever
your answer is so is it about the loss
of that particular relationship and like
maybe there's something with abandonment
there or is about is it about becoming
going back to the person that you used
to be because that would make a lot of
sense to me that you are [ __ ]
terrified of losing what you gained
losing your gratitude like if there was
one motivator that would Trump all other
motivators if I had to hypothesize for
you it's about losing what you've gained
because holy [ __ ] Anita
you've gained so much through sweat
blood and tears
and if anything could possibly take that
away I this is my empathy speaking I
would be absolutely terrified absolutely
terrified because you have gained so
much you have triumphed and climbed
mountains and loved an appreciation for
life where people are stealing your
underwear you wake up every day with
aspirational pneumonia you can't eat
because you vomit you punch yourself in
the face and you have emotional moments
of rage and somehow you have triumphed
over this [ __ ] and there's a chance that
something can take this away ah no
[ __ ] way
you will deal with as much abuse as they
have to give but you're not going to
slide back on on the road that you've
traveled so far
that would make sense to me does it make
it true
it does make a lot of sense to me - yeah
I think it's not just about losing them
and I do mourn them I miss those friends
that I've yes trations but I yeah I am
terrified of the being an isolated
person again sees people outside the
window having fun enjoying summer and
just seeing every moment slip away and
not being able to connect and feeling
really alone and feeling like I'm losing
like my life is drifting away while I
sit here too afraid to connect and live
and do things and yeah a lot of things
that I do are about our fear of of
sliding back into that trap again of
being in those same four walls for years
because I was like a phobic - so yeah it
stands to reason that not not not being
accepting and not being forgiving and
not trying to rectify the issues in my
friendships even when it's beyond repair
yeah it was feel like I'm sliding back
to that place like it's weird right
because it's like you're not yeah cuz I
mean you know they're beyond repair so
there has to be something really
powerful and oddly enough I think
positive and keep it close like if you
think about it who puts up with that
much weird [ __ ] there's got to be
something to balance those scales right
otherwise you wouldn't be in the
relationship to begin with and the last
thing is and this is this is where I I
hope for you because I think that on
some level you've processed a lot of
emotions but like I think this part of
you somewhere along the way you still
haven't been able to feel secure enough
that you're not gonna go back there
because Anita you're not gonna go back
to it I don't think you're gonna go back
there I think you're just a different
person I don't think that any amount of
anything can take you back there and I
would love it if you could somehow come
to understand that and feel secure in
that and be free of that fear
because like there's still a lot of
stuff that you're like I think holding
on to and and suppressing and it sounds
like you've got a pretty good strategy
for kind of chunking up and managing it
over time and and at the same time I
still see you carrying a burden that I
wish you didn't have to and I want to
believe that one day you'll get to put
that burden down yeah the last thing is
that if you do have suppressed emotion
it's gonna make your autoimmune stuff
worse so this is a generally like known
thing that like you know psychological
distress makes autoimmune disorders
worse and that's not it's not
psychological there is something called
psychoneuroimmunology which is like a
fascinating field which looks at the
relationship between your mind your
brain and your immune system and
generally looks at the dysregulation of
your immune system based on
psychological insults and and so the
last thing that I would hope is it that
if you can continue moving on the path
that you're moving I would hope because
it's a lie I mean I don't know what your
autoimmune disorder is but it sounds
like it's [ __ ] awful and it also
sounds like you know generally speaking
with autoimmune disorders we don't
really have great treatments where you
take a pill in that [ __ ] goes away and
yet I've seen a lot of hope with people
with autoimmune disorders because they
wind up in my office and then we help
them psychologically and and then their
autoimmune stuff sort of gets better and
and so I really hope that your
autoimmune stop can get better too and I
hope I just because Anita you're such an
amazing and remarkable person I think it
like it makes me sad and I think this is
maybe a little bit pity and I apologize
for feeling that way it's just how I
feel like like I I think I'm not trying
to pity you it's just it's just how I
feel like I feel sad for you and I feel
like you don't deserve to feel like for
everything that you've gained I think
it's incredibly unfair that at the edges
you still have chunks of guilt and
chunks of fear and chunks of like maybe
other [ __ ] I don't know because you
like you make the world such a better
place by your existence and I feel like
you know the people who are deserving of
those chunks of negative emotion or the
[ __ ] that are the panty peeves they
describe feel that way not you which is
it fair and isn't true but that's just
the way that I feel
thank you I really I really appreciate
that and I appreciate that you know it's
so nice to speak to someone especially
about the whole panty stealers thing
without judgement it's such a hard arena
to come forward about this stuff because
it only ever evokes hate people assume
that it's my fate or that I'm doing
something wrong and I'm it's so good to
hear to talk to someone who once you
help me understand what's going on and
fix it rather than just blame me yeah
I've been the most inappropriate thing
that I feel about the panties seriously
can I sure it's gonna be able to maybe a
little bit humorous it's just like this
this bizarre curiosity like like what's
going on there anyway I don't mean to
devalue like because because it is I
mean it's it's the rebuttable pattern
I've never heard of this before
Anita and anyway I apologize for not
meeting you where you were emotionally
there in that moment no no no it's fine
like I I joke about it quite often -
yeah it's like I've been through so much
regarding it recently with multiple
people not just the panty stealing but
you know the pushing of boundaries and
just the weird people yeah people do
that I'm just like I would joke I've got
so many jokes about it you wouldn't
believe but I've been laughing this off
for years yeah yeah oh you have no idea
- it's just so much I think it doesn't
make it but get I think being a stream I
kind of contributes quite a bit I mean I
get people who DME you're like can I pay
you 350 euros to have 50 minutes live
stream of your feet and things so like I
think it's really hard to differentiate
when people first make friends with you
they're not like hi I'm secretly
planning to get to marry you but you
don't know that yeah and I totally not
into you okay how we're just friends and
like so I I think that there's a higher
risk factor of it now just because I'm a
streamer and you know it's just
something as a side effect of streaming
so it's I think it's probably not going
to go away even if I figure out my
aspects of it yeah really highlighted
and helped me out I think it's just a
side effect of what's going on with me
now as well but
at least when I stop streaming they'll
be hope but you know I can reduce this
and kind of get back to kind of like a
very safe respectful level with people
again well assuming it isn't pyramids
yeah I mean my mom's 50 and she's still
getting it like every kara we've gotten
has fallen in love with her and like men
would fight over her yeah like two guys
I remember when I was a kid two guys
bent down to kiss a hand at once and
they both bind heads against each other
it's hilarious but I have so many
stories like that my mom has at West K
she's very very beautiful she's 50 she
looks like my younger sister she
everyone just is infatuated with her
it's ridiculous so she has a lot less
than me in terms of that level of
attention so I guess I always scared as
well because you know she hasn't ever
she's just stayed away from people has
been her coping mechanism and I really
didn't want that to be mine interesting
yeah that that gets me even more curious
because like that's like they're mean
there could be something genetic I mean
yeah I mean she traced our family
history and a lot of our the women in
our family like from back home from the
ancient cult level used to be sold off
to marriage to Nobles and things because
we were notorious for having a lot of
women that attracted a lot of male
attention and that you know they were
all different body types and they were
all different you know age groups and
stuff and it's not like we all look the
same or act the same we're all very very
unique people from each other and yet
this still happens to us so I don't know
sounds like some Sir Topham something
special there some cats fax us it's
interesting but you know it cause
problems like he said that two of our
family members in art history were
burned as witches and that the story
that runs in our family is that there
were just some jealous women in the
village whose husbands and partners took
an interest in them so they accused them
to get them out of the way so it doesn't
it's not a good thing it's not fun thing
no it certainly doesn't sound fun it
sounds you know remarkable but not fun I
can't you know thank yes they're all a
lot more that's a lot better looking
than meet a lot of my family those
really gorgeous women in my family um I
wish I wish it been more positive thing
for them honestly sounds like awesome I
don't want to eat with your time and I'm
actually quite excited to see what you
can do for this kid in his project yeah
so thank you very much indeed I I really
appreciate your openness and and I hope
I didn't say anything that was out of
line you know I I think yeah I and I
apologize if I did I apologize if I made
that off-color jokes or made you feel
squeezed
I gave consent it's so good yeah I I
think sometimes you know there has to be
a little bit of discomfort when we look
at the parts of ourselves that we just
haven't looked at before and and I hope
that that was okay and I hope it's
helpful to you and I'd really rethink
about maybe exploring this with someone
who is a professional just to see if
it's valuable because Anita you're so
self reflective on your own it's like I
mean a professional is just gonna be
accelerant to anything that you would do
on your own and it sounds like you make
really good use of that time so I'd
really think about getting you know
thinking about that thank you
what you've given me is a lot and I
think it might really help me to set
better boundaries and be safer you know
I really appreciate you and everything
you've done for me and I hope people
you've been listening to have taken
something good from it as well
and yeah with that Allah